This profile constrains [US Core Care team](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/StructureDefinition/us-core-careteam) for use in the MCC FHIR Care Plan or other FHIR Care Plans. It features a requirement for one caregiver as a participant. The purpose is to establish that the RelatedPerson is a caregiver for the indicated patient. Use of this profile allows for explictly indicating that observations on the caregiver are specific to the position of caregiver for a specific patient. Caregivers are not considered practicioners by FHIR as they may not have formal roles in the care of patient. However, thier participation as the caregiver is a criticial function/context to observations about thier ability to deliver care to the patinet. Again, this profle creates an entity that can be considered to be a Caregiver (caregiver requires a RelatedPerson, the giver, and a Patient, person to whom care is given, to be defined). The [US Core Care Team](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/StructureDefinition/us-core-careteam) sets minimum expectations for the CareTeam resource to record, search, and fetch caregivers associated with a patient. It identifies which core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets **SHALL** be present in the resource when using this profile. In addition to the requirements set forth in US Core CareTeam this derived profile is designed to add requirements to the following elements:

* MCCCareTeam.extension:resource-pertainsToGoal (Must Support) to encourage linking to the goal the medication hopes to facilitate and/or to encourage systems to be able to receive and understand a goal linkage if present.
* MCCCareTeam.participant requires single RelatedPerson (caregiver) and set to must support

See the [MCC Care Plan SDOH Guidance](https://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7/fhir-us-mcc/branches/master/mcc_care_plan_sdoh_guidance.html) page for more information when exchanging Social Determinants of Health (SDOH) goals.

Comments are welcome with respect to the pragmatic use of the "Must Support" rules defined on these elements.